# Exam2
Some work and possible solutions for exam 2.

Stone Game: 
1) In this problem, both players will take a stone one at a time starting with Alex. And since the number of stones will always be even the game will also always end with Lee picking a stone. Both players paying optimally would mean that they both try to win by picking the maximum amount of stones every time. This will continue, with both players only picking from the ends of the line, until there are no piles left. To solve this, we have to both keep track of the sums of stones that belongs to each player, and make sure each player picks the maximum amount of stones available. The function used to solve this will return true of Alex wins, and false otherwise. 

2)For this, I will need to create a 2D array, two rows representing each player and a number of columns that will be equal to the length of the row of stone piles divided by two. This is because it has been explicitly stated that the number of stone piles will be even, and because this means that each player should end up with exactly half the piles of stones. To ensure that each player would get a turn I will use a boolean that alternates as each player picks a pile. As the player takes turns, their sum will be kept track of in the columns of the 2D array that was created, and the past sums will be continously reffered to when obtaining a new sum. This will traverse, and depending on whether the first or last pile being larger in sum, two integers representing the end and start of the current available stone pile line will change accordingly as players picl stone. With this, the two numbers should eventually meet and be equal, it is here that the method will end. Lastly, the sums at the ends of the new 2d array will be compared, and the method will return true if Alex has a greater sum of stones.  

3) The Duke 7 was applied here when I tried to decompose the problem and try it out by hand first. The simplest scenario in this problem is two piles, here the player who picks first always wins by picking the bigger pile. Solving several examples by hand helped in solidifying some aspects that every instance of this problem would need to conform to. 
